README.md, before:

capstone-rs
===========

Bindings to the [capstone library][upstream] disassembly framework.

There's an example in `demo.rs`, but as a sample:

```rust
extern crate capstone;

const CODE: &'static [u8; 8] = b"\x55\x48\x8b\x05\xb8\x13\x00\x00";

fn main() {
    match capstone::Capstone::new(capstone::Arch::X86) {
        Ok(cs) => {
            cs.detail().unwrap();
            cs.att();
            match cs.disasm(CODE, 0x1000) {
                Ok(insns) => {
                    println!("Got {} instructions", insns.len());
                    for i in insns.iter() {
                        println!("{}", i);
                        println!("detail: {:?}", i.detail());
                    }
                },
                Err(err) => {
                    println!("Error disassembling: {}", err);
                }
            }
        },
        Err(err) => {
            println!("Error creating disassembler: {}", err);
        }
    }
}
```

Produces:

```
Got 2 instructions
0x1000: push rbp
0x1001: mov rax, qword ptr [rip + 0x13b8]
```

# Reporting Issues

Please open a Github issue

# Demo

You can run:

    cargo run --example=demo

To produce a short demonstration. More complex demos welcome!

# Minimum Rust Version

`capstone-rs` requires Rust `1.20.0` or later.

# Author

- Library Author: Nguyen Anh Quynh
- Binding Author(s):
    - m4b <m4b.github.io@gmail.com>
    - Richo Healey <richo@psych0tik.net>

# Contributors

- @ekse

# License

Mit.

[upstream]: http://capstone-engine.org/

Commit message:

Link to contributors on GitHub

README.md, after:

capstone-rs
===========

Bindings to the [capstone library][upstream] disassembly framework.

There's an example in `demo.rs`, but as a sample:

```rust
extern crate capstone;

const CODE: &'static [u8; 8] = b"\x55\x48\x8b\x05\xb8\x13\x00\x00";

fn main() {
    match capstone::Capstone::new(capstone::Arch::X86) {
        Ok(cs) => {
            cs.detail().unwrap();
            cs.att();
            match cs.disasm(CODE, 0x1000) {
                Ok(insns) => {
                    println!("Got {} instructions", insns.len());
                    for i in insns.iter() {
                        println!("{}", i);
                        println!("detail: {:?}", i.detail());
                    }
                },
                Err(err) => {
                    println!("Error disassembling: {}", err);
                }
            }
        },
        Err(err) => {
            println!("Error creating disassembler: {}", err);
        }
    }
}
```

Produces:

```
Got 2 instructions
0x1000: push rbp
0x1001: mov rax, qword ptr [rip + 0x13b8]
```

# Reporting Issues

Please open a Github issue

# Demo

You can run:

    cargo run --example=demo

To produce a short demonstration. More complex demos welcome!

# Minimum Rust Version

`capstone-rs` requires Rust `1.20.0` or later.

# Author

- Library Author: Nguyen Anh Quynh
- Binding Author(s):
    - m4b <m4b.github.io@gmail.com>
    - Richo Healey <richo@psych0tik.net>

You may find a [full list of contributors on Github](https://github.com/capstone-rust/capstone-rs/graphs/contributors).

# License

Mit.

[upstream]: http://capstone-engine.org/
